# Project 1: Web Application
220307 UTA .NET / Richard Hawkins

This project is a refinement of my previous project, P0. It was mostly redone from the ground up, and split into two parts, the console, and the API. The number of features was reduced, so instead of 3 pages of interaction, there was only one. However the overall speed of the functions was increased dramatically and it was set up to run on a backend API. 

The console was written in C# and created with WPF, using Visual Studio 2022. The APi was also writen in C# using Visual Studio 2022 and then uploaded to the Azure cloud. Both parts of the program connected to an SQL database written using Azure Data Studio. During development it was decided that both should have access to it, though the console could read only, as this would increase efficiency. 

The P0 project was single program, written in C# and created with WPF using Visual Studio 2022, and connected to an SQL database written using Azure Data Studio. The concept was a store that has no actual storefront, selling things from warehouses that get their stock from the central distribution center. The items were all silly joke items, based on the works of the comedy pair Bob and Ray, as were the warehouse locations. The entire system was designed as something the employees would use, not a customer.

The P0 project had three menu screens: customer lookup/add new customer, transfer item from distribution center inventory to store inventory, and send item from store (which were really warehouses) to customer. When this project was revised for P1, the customer lookup and send to customer screens were dropped, to focus on one screen that worked with the API. The project was envisioned as something used by those at the central distribution center, or perhaps one at one of the stores to request goods. It was improved though, as the P1 version had a fixed display, it could only present 10 items to the user, even though more were made and existed in the database. The improved version had a scrolling function and could handle any number of items, though the total was set at 20.
